DOCS-12591-email-1.5.0-kt (#1699)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: email/1.5/modules/ROOT/pages/email-attachment.adoc

= Set Parsing Text File Attachment as Body Message
:keywords: anypoint, connectors, transports

> When Anypoint Connector for Email (Email Connector) receives a message without body and only an attachment file with Content-Type as `text`, the attachment file is not processed as a separate file instead the file is included in the message body as plain text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Anypoint Connector for Email (Email Connector) receives a message without body and only an attachment file with Content-Type as `text`, the attachment file is not processed as a separate file. Instead, the file is included in the message body as plain text.
```

> When Anypoint Connector for Email (Email Connector) receives a message without body and only an attachment file with Content-Type as `text`, the attachment file is not processed as a separate file. Instead, the file is included in the message body as plain text.

Reviewer: a body

> When Anypoint Connector for Email (Email Connector) receives a message without body and only an attachment file with Content-Type as `text`, the attachment file is not processed as a separate file. Instead, the file is included in the message body as plain text.

Reviewer: without a body

Mule apps can use this behavior to receive the data in the message body instead of as an attachment file.

> To change the behavior of parsing attached text files when the file is the only content in the message, you can set the system property `parsing.text.attachment.as.body` to either any of these values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the behavior of parsing attached text files when the file is the only content in the message, set the system property `parsing.text.attachment.as.body` to either of these values:
```

* `true` (default) +
Preserves the previous behavior and converts the text file attachment in the body message.
* `false` +
Adds the attachment text file to the attachment list in the payload.

> To learn how to set system properties in Anypoint Studio or for On-Premises deployments, refer to the xref:mule-runtime::mule-app-properties-system.adoc[system properties] documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to set system properties in Anypoint Studio or for on-premises deployments, refer to the xref:mule-runtime::mule-app-properties-system.adoc[system properties] documentation.
```

== Jakarta Mail System Properties

> Email Connector uses the Jakarta Mail library internally. Thereby, you can change certain aspects how the connector behaves by changing specific Jakarta Mail system properties. Refer to the xref:email-troubleshooting.adoc[troubleshoot MIME Types and MIME Multipart issues] section that covers some of the most used Jakarta Mail system properties.

Reviewer: certain aspects of connector behavior

> Email Connector uses internally the Jakarta Mail library, thereby you can change how the connector behaves on certain aspects by changing specific Jakarta Mail system properties. Refer to the xref:email-troubleshooting.adoc[troubleshoot MIME Types and MIME Multipart issues] section that covers some of the most consulted Jakarta Mail system properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Email Connector uses the Jakarta Mail library internally. Thereby, you can change certain aspects of connector behavior by changing specific Jakarta Mail system properties. Refer to the xref:email-troubleshooting.adoc[troubleshoot MIME Types and MIME Multipart issues] section that covers some of the most used Jakarta Mail system properties.
```

> For precise and updated information on these system properties, refer to the Jakarta Mail documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed information about these system properties, refer to the Jakarta Mail documentation.
```
